Prepare 0.68 release (#5896)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.68.0 / 2023-09-06

* [FEATURE] Add support for Webex receiver to the AlertmanagerConfig CRD. #5305
* [FEATURE] Add support for MetricRelabelings to the ScrapeConfig CRD. #5805

> * [FEATURE] Add `dns_sd_configs` fields to the ScrapeConfig CRD. #5866

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add support for DNS service discovery to the ScrapeConfig CRD. #5866
```

* [FEATURE] Don't trigger reconcile loops if statefulsets have different `revisionHistoryLimit`. #5773

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Decreased CPU usage when reconciling ThanosRuler resources. #5784

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ENHANCEMENT] Decrease CPU usage when reconciling ThanosRuler resources. #5784
```
